# lab02
Lab 2. Web data collection and visualization

In this lab, I wanted to demonstrate two different subject angles and how they are affected by contemporary political climates. For one side of my story, I wanted to depict news that has been mostly positive within the media space, and the other that has been profoundly intense. The first topic is about preservation, ecosystem, and ecology, while the second parameters are ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), agents, and detain. Within this research, developing a YouTube crawler using Selenium has helped me gather a list of words that connected YouTube and names in order to visualize the collected data onto a word cloud and look at patterns. What I saw, hoping for an unbiased interpretation, was that, besides ecosystems, other terms were minuscule. Other words that barely magnify were words like video and terrarium. It seems to me that nothing was out of the ordinary, and it is definitely not a hot topic in the political and environmental realms at the moment. On the contrary, with a huge spike in recent news, the surge for the second topic gives us a pattern that tells a story. The three largest words I saw are ice, agent, and detain; second to that were immigrant and federal. But to me, the surprise was the smaller words that occur less frequently but still hold weight. This was to me, was (actual) names, white, citizen, dead, and wife. I can tell that the theme talked a lot about family and dynamics. Within this trend, people were in search of meaning between events and also pressing matters that are talked about. People wanted to search for reasoning within subjects like immigrants, while others in power, federal. In this exercise, an outlier that could have been affected by my search were relevancy of the topic, for example, in the first topic, no other words were popping up as frequently as ecosystems. This might be because of related terms that were not use or it could be that other words were not as connected as I thought. Something different I felt about going into this was how well it does on giving us patterns within actual real climates, even if they are just “words,” and to be able to get a reading on that, which helped better understand the societal impact that data can have within software like YouTube. 
